This program is written in R. The program predicts the US unemployment rate by running a linear multiple regression model. The first model is based on 10 predictor variables. The second model uses the top four predictors to develop a more simplistic and more accurate model. The model uses economic and entrepreneurship data to predict the US unemployment rate. The data used in this model can be found here:http://www.kauffman.org/kauffman-indexhttp://www.nber.org/cycles.htmlhttps://data.bls.gov/timeseries/LNS14000000Below is a detailed explanation of the variables used:Unemployment Rate(Y)ContinuousPercent of people who are unemployed and in the workforce. Years Past Recession(X1)Continuous Number of years past a recessionary period. Recessionary periods are defined by NBERÕs Business Cycle Dating Committee. http://www.nber.org/cycles.htmlNumber of firms less than 1 year old(X2)Continuous The number of firms that are less than one year old within a given year as calculated by the BLS.Rate of New Entrepreneurs (X3)Continuous The number of adults who become entrepreneurs in any given month, measured as a percentage. Opportunity Share (%)(X4)Continuous The percentage of people who started a business voluntarily. The remaining population of people started a business out of necessity. Whether someone started a business voluntarily or out of necessity is based on their previous employment status, employed or unemployed respectively. Startup Density(X5)DiscreteThe number of startup firms per 1,000 firms. Startup firms are firms that are less than 1 year old and employ at least 1 person besides the owner.Rate of Business Owners(%)(X6)Continuous Percentage of adult population that owns a business as their main job.Business Survival Rate(X7)Continuous Percentage of businesses that have operated for five or more years.Small Business Density(X8)DiscretePercentage of businesses over 5 years that employ 1-50 people Rate of Startup Growth(X9)Continuous Looks at a cohort of firms and measures how much they have grown over the past five years.Share of Scaleups(X10)ContinuousPercentage of small businesses that grew into larger entities of 50 or more employees within their tenth year of operation.This project aims to conduct future research to discover other predictor variables for unemployment rate, specifically metrics that are created more frequently. It will also aim to find quarterly or monthly metrics that could predict significant predictors of the unemployment rate.